says Delta Delta assists hold up
minefield sales using intelligent
munitions means they only blow up an
authorized by us
you should soon to interface there
should be enough come on
what's the matter nothing just an energy
search going now
scan and says don't want Delta
yeah
simple
keep low
you okay it's nothing
if that sports you your fuck back get
back
whatever they found he's dead now
how far to 34th Street Station a couple
of clicks we'll have to get around the
kill zone first
no cell are closing it there's no time
to go around the kill radius and rate of
fires within manageable parameters we
can cut straight through this
are you insane those guns will rip you
apart
ah so now you get a picture thank you my
Nana so profane our human human you know
how much I've sacrificed to stop the
self how do I get that back so what's
your plan
support designating execute targets
Intel you do the fun stuff that's not
the cycle I used to know things change